Added information about Rancher Desktop in readme (#1)
TravisCarden/ddev-drupal-xb-dev: README.md

Obviously, this requires a working [DDEV](https://ddev.com/) installation.

### Docker provider

> This has been successfully tested with Orbstack, Colima, Rancher Desktop and Docker Desktop. Colima and Docker Desktop work out-of-the-box. Orbstack requires one change:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has been successfully tested with Orbstack, Colima, Rancher Desktop and Docker Desktop. Colima and Docker Desktop work out-of-the-box. Orbstack and Rancher Desktop each require one change:
```
